Hello, everyone. Ines, Gina, Richard and Calvin. Welcome back to the show, all of you. It's great
to have you all here. Yay. Yay. Hi. Yeah, really, really good to have you all here. It's been fun
to have you all on separately for different shows. Although Gina, you've definitely been on a few
panel shows before recently on, I think the last movie was our Mastodon one, right? We talked about
I thought that was a lot of fun.
Today, we're going to talk about developer trends
in a general sense.
And I invited you all because I, like all of you,
really appreciate having you here.
And thanks for taking the time to be here.
But you all also kind of work in little bits
of different spaces of technology and interests and so on.
So I think we'll get a really nice, diverse perspective
of experiences and so on.
I think the AI section is going to be especially interesting,
as we'll see.
Where are we going with that?
That's always interesting.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to use the 2024 Stack Overflow Developer Survey
results.
It's a little bit old, but it's less than a year old.
I think it's close enough to use as a skeleton to kind of make
that conversation happen.
So it's going to be a ton of fun to just have a wide-ranging
exploration of how people are learning technology,
using technology, which ones they're using, and so on.
Before that, though, let's just do a quick round of introductions,
and we'll go around the Brady Bunch squares in order, I suppose.
So, Ines, you're on top left.
Welcome.
Great to see you.
Yeah, nice to be back.
Yeah, I'm Ines.
I'm the co-founder of Explosion.
We're probably most well-known for spaCy, which
is an open source library for natural language processing
in Python, so everything to do with text AI,
I do a lot in the open source space
and also helping developers build their own AI models
in house, taking back control, that sort of stuff.
So yeah, very curious, like it was quite hard
not to look at the results beforehand, but I did it.
- Thank you, yeah.
And we recently talked about open source
and LLMs and AI and stuff.
and will open source or the big cloud companies dominate that.
That was a lot of fun to talk about.
Yeah, the AI revolution won't be monopolized.
Yes, exactly. That was great.
Gina, hello. Welcome.
Hi. Yeah, my name is Gina.
I'm also known as Fuzel and my claim to fame is probably Octoprint,
which is the snappy web interface for your 3D printer,
which is actually written in Python,
which in turn is probably why I am here.
Yeah, and I also happen to be a full-time maintainer working on that project
and have been doing that now for well over 12 years.
So, yeah, it's a weird life, but it works somehow.
It's got an amazing life.
I mean, I'm sure a lot of people are seeing that as the dream, right?
You created an open source project, and it's successful enough that you can do that full-time.
That's a dream.
the people who are now listening to this
instead of watching that will not see
it when I point to my head though and show
all the gray hair that is up on there.
That wasn't there when I started this, so
just pointing that out.
There are downsides to this.
Causation.
Just correlation.
Not necessarily the same, right?
It's got things up, I'm sure.
Yeah, I know
where that goes. Hey Richard, good to see you.
Good to see you too, friend.
Richard Campbell, I make the podcast.NET Rocks, run as radio, and now part of Windows Weekly as well.
I'm supposed to be a half-revy.NET person, but as GitHub loves to remind me, write entirely too much Python.
And YAML.
Why do I write so much YAML?
I don't know.
Anyway.
What kind of life choices have you made?
I don't.
You know what?
I munch a lot of data these days.
I don't know if you know this, but Python's pretty good at that.
No, my Jupyter Notebooks open most of the time.
Because there's always some chunk of data I need to rip through.
There's some surprisingly good tools.
I was just talking with Reuben Lerner about Panda stuff.
And what you can do in a couple lines of code is ridiculous.
MapReduce used to be this huge task where I harnessed multiple machines
to try and actually crush a large amount of data in a reasonable length of time.
A contemporary PC is really good at it.
Stuff has changed.
It's only getting easier.
Use the tools du jour, and you'll get good results in less time.
Absolutely.
You have a bunch of great podcasts.
People are so interesting, too.
Whenever I get to talk to you, it's usually one of the geek outs.
That's where we end up.
Yeah, we've done some great geek outs.
Some life in the solar system and energy talks and so on.
The nuclear power topic these days has been really huge
because everybody's talking about it.
It turns out I did a bunch of stuff on that back when before it was cool.
And so people keep asking me to do more.
Yeah, that's very, very neat.
Calvin, hello, hello.
Good to see you.
Good to see you too, Michael.
I'm Calvin Hendryx-Parker.
I'm CTO and co-founder of Six Feet Up, where we are a Python and AI for good organization.
My lifelong Pythonista.
I chose Python back in the year 2000 and decided I never wanted to look back.
And so I made a company around building cool Python stuff for other folks.
So I guess that's kind of my claim to fame.
This year will be my 21st PyCon.
So my PyCon attendance can now drink.
Oh, and boy, let me tell you, if you ever hung out with Calvin at PyCon.
Well, I would just say we always have the best parties together.
And some of the highlights are all the get-togethers that we do.
That's what I'm getting at here.
Yeah, getting the people together.
That's what's important.
Yeah, you should all come to Europe.
PyCon DE is later this month.
I'm very excited.
It's going to be cooler than ever.
Yeah, yeah.
I would enjoy this as well.
But I think the PyCons and PyCon Italy is also very good.
PyData, Amsterdam, like, I don't want to single out too many individual conferences, but like
you should talk to Germany.
You've got favorites.
I hear it in your voice.
Yeah, that's awesome.
It sounds like events you need to bring your stunt liver to though.
Yeah, Calvin, I definitely think you definitely have been hosting some of the great parties,
the after parties and stuff at PyCon.
I love the community.
That's probably why I'm here is because I'm definitely a community first type person.
Yeah, beautiful.
All right, well, with that, let's just go ahead and jump right in to the topics here.
So like I said, what we're going to do is we're going to go through the Stack Overflow Survey
and just kind of use it as something to riff off of.
So the first portion of Stack Overflow,
of course I'll put the link in the show notes,
you can check it out and follow along,
it had 65,000 people participate.
That's a lot of people.
I don't feel like Stack Overflow almost could have gotten more,
but that's still statistically pretty significant.
And Stack Overflow, I think it's pretty broad
across all the technologies these days.
Although I think Python is still the number one language
on Stack Overflow.
If we were to check out Stack Overflow.
Yeah, Stack Overflow trends.
If we look at...
I mean, some might argue that's because Python
is the number one language for developers in general.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's, yeah, I just, well, I'm just saying that
I think the results will be pretty significantly,
include a significant amount of Python feedback, not just overall for better and worse. Yeah,
so right now, if you look at it, we've got Python at the number one, and we've got JS is number two.
And boy, oh boy, there's a really precipitous drop in 2023. And we'll come back to that. That's
going to be super interesting. But that's top of that section three of our conversation
right there. So the first thing that comes up here is education. How much education have you had as a
person who works here? And then I think maybe it's probably most relevant to focus in on the
professional developers. They break out all respondents versus students versus professionals
and so on. So let's maybe let's do a quick around here. You know, how much programming did you all
learn in school versus how much did you teach yourself?
None.
Okay.
Tell us about it.
I mean, I didn't go into computer science.
What did you study?
Communication science, media science, and linguistics.
Because, you know, when I was like trying to decide what to do for university, it was
weird because I didn't really feel like a programmer.
I was always programming on the side.
But I thought of programmers and it was like boys from the computer club.
There was no one really.
Also, being a young woman, there was not really any role model or idea like, hey, I'm actually a programmer too.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, we talked about how your linguistics experience brought you into NLP stuff, which got you into programming, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I did a tiny bit.
I did a tiny bit of Pearl in university, but I'm not really counting that.
And also, everything we were doing there, I kind of already knew from.
I don't know, just talking about myself.
Sure.
Who else?
Who else wants to share?
I think everyone majored in here.
I was computer graphics technology.
I took an engineering course in C,
an engineering course in Fortran,
but I wouldn't call that a computer science background.
No.
Interesting, but not a computer science background.
Gina?
I actually have what is now a master's degree equivalent
in computer science.
for me I also grew up programming and figuring that that was the most amazing thing ever
and then I learned that it was an actual job and that was when I knew what I wanted to become
but to this day I say I didn't learn much programming or anything like that at university
I learned tolerance towards frustration and stress management but all of the programming stuff is
actually mostly self-taught I would say because also I mean yeah we did some
assembler stuff and some really weird old stuff at university also some some
Java which later became my main job for but before I before I went into the
whole maintainer with Python situation but yeah I think it's it's it's more
been a case of lifelong self teaching and and trying to stay up with things
that are happening and learning new languages here and there and such.
Yeah.
It's not like engineering or something where it's kind of stable.
You know, bridges are still bridges.
Stuff is changing fast.
You got to stay on top of it.
That's really interesting.
Yeah.
Richard.
What's your background, actually?
Oh, Michael.
Sorry.
Yeah, well, I am pretty close to where you are, Ines, as well.
I was in school for a long time.
I love school.
But I studied math and chemistry, mostly math.
And I only did just enough programming to do the research projects I was on,
which was very, very little until the very end.
And then I'm like, you know what?
I kind of like this better.
What am I going to do to keep doing this?
Because it seems like the job opportunities are way better,
and it's much more interesting.
So, yeah, I'm definitely on the self-taught train.
Yeah, that's me, but it's really my father.
He was an electrical engineer and designed electronic cash registers.
So I started programming cash registers when I was eight.
The original point of sale.
Amazing.
Yeah, from the very beginning.
And then when the TRS-80 Model 1 shipped in 1977, I was in the Radio Shack for the next year.
Because that was the only thing I was interested in.
A whole 4K of RAM.
Amazing.
Yeah.
So then my first part-time job after school was repairing TRS-80s for a company called HNS Microsystems.
I've never done anything else.
So by the time I graduated high school, I did my last two years of high school living on my own, making a living as a programmer.
So I didn't go to university.
I was too busy working.
Well, I think it paid off for you.
I think it turned out all right.
Yeah, it did okay.
It did okay.
I have the advantage of being first.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that's amazing.
I remember reading the specifications of the IBM BC before it was released and going,
640K of RAM?
Who's going to need that?
That's way more than you're ever going to need.
All right.
So what does Stack Overflow say?
It says that about 75% of the people have a bachelor's or a master's degree,
but only a little under – where is that number again?
school, a little under 50%, just under 50% of the people actually are using school to
become software developers.
Then, you know, how we, so pretty much all of us here are in some way or other having
to keep up with this technology and libraries and so on our own.
And so the next one asks, like, what online resources are you using?
so maybe we can go around real quick
where are you all
spending your time? I'll start first
probably YouTube
for me
with other blogs and other things
thrown in but YouTube is a big
portion where I learn new things
and keep up with stuff
I'm a reader
you know
it's the fastest mechanism for me
I prefer to read my documentation
at the pace that I can read it at
and then test stuff out.
You know, I like YouTube.
It's just too slow.
Yeah.
See, I'm a slow reader.
It's funny you say that, because I was also like,
my problem with YouTube is, like,
there are so many people on YouTube,
and they all speak really, they speak too slowly.
And yes, you can, like, make it faster,
and it's, but yeah, I have a very similar feeling,
and it's, yeah, it makes me happy to see,
also, in the Stack Overflow stats,
to see documentation be so significant
and also to hear it come up again,
because we've always put,
like I've always put so much work into our documentation
and I've always been really passionate about documentation
and sometimes I've wondered,
hey, do people actually read this?
How much does it really matter?
And so it's nice to see that it seems to matter.
- What you don't see on this list is podcasts,
'cause who would learn from a podcast?
- Who would, oh my gosh.
- No, no, no, no, no.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, auditory material at the bottom.
There you go.
8%.
But I used to not think YouTube was important.
I was also in the same boat of like, this is too slow.
Why are people spending this time?
I feel like that's my disconnected, my brain, recreational learning on YouTube.
But my real hardcore learning is probably more blogs and docs.
Yeah, when I want to learn some new language or something, then I go with written things.
actually like books shocking i know but um uh but when it's like making skills like book binding or
whatnot then it's certainly youtube because then it helps to actually see people do that by hand
it doesn't help me watch someone else code it helps me to read the documentation and understand
how things fit together and click through some library things and such but uh yeah i don't
know this trend towards everything needs to be a youtube video that goes like 15 minutes and
10 of those uh please sponsor me and such is something i don't understand but maybe i'm
smashing the bell and all that yeah i'm surprised ai is so low on the list because that seems like
that pair programming i'm going to do it together while some ai explains something to me is
pretty effective like i've seen my kids use that and i wonder if that's just a time right like
that was a year ago yeah it's a year ago you're right those two you know the chat gpt revolution
starts in 23 like it's not in a lot of time and yeah i'm now in the insider version of vs code
with that build with claude and like wow that thing's a really great tutorial tool
but that's only been in the past couple of months wow yeah yeah i'm guessing like i hear they mean
a chatbot type interface.
I mean, I know I keep complaining about this
and it's maybe pedantic,
but AI already has this terminology problem
and I feel like, why do you need to call it AI?
AI means so many things
and it's like half of these things have AI in them.
And like, what do you mean?
Be more expensive because I think it's actually
for so many things,
including how we think about open source software regulation
and so on.
It's actually a huge issue
that we do not distinguish between products like chatbot products and software components,
for example, and call everything AI.
And I think ultimately the people that benefit from it most are tech companies.
So I feel like we should stop doing that.
So I'm a bit mildly, I mean, I'm mildly annoyed at Stack Overflow for just calling it AI.
Yeah, I can probably fix it.
Let me just right click inspect.
But in some ways, it's become the new agile, right?
It's like it's a word so overloaded, and it doesn't mean anything anymore.
Yeah, yeah.
We're using agile.
It just means we stop writing down the waterfall.
There you go.
Now, I know, Richard, you have an interesting take on a lot of the stuff.
Like, things are AI until they work and they're proven.
Remember that AI is a marketing term for raising money, right?
Marvin Minsky coins it in the 1950s to get money out of the US military, which, by the way, worked.
But inevitably, once a technology works, it gets a new name, right?
It becomes image recognition or large language models.
So as long as it's called AI, you know it doesn't work.
Yeah, it's still looking for its place in the world.
You'll get a new name.
All right, so out on the Stack Overflow survey,
technical documentation is the number one.
84% of people say that they do that.
Not surprisingly, number two is Stack Overflow,
but it's a self-selecting group, so there's that.
Tutorials, blogs, how-to videos.
I mean, I just want to thank you all.
Thank you, everyone, for making me feel weird
and being the only one who said YouTube here.
Sorry.
No, I'm just teasing.
Seriously, for me, when I'm trying to learn, this mostly goes for like frameworks, like if I want to learn UA framework or I don't know, seeing it built up as sort of as somebody's like, we're going to let me talk you through or show you how I'd build this like sort of start to end.
And that really sticks with me better than reading documentation.
And once I see that, then I'll go to the documentation and AI and like, okay, help me click the pieces together.
Anyway, that's my world.
It's proof you have lots of screen space, right?
That you have your putting window open in one spot.
Then you get the YouTube video up in the top right.
And then you've got the doc down the bottom right.
No, I mean, now that you say it, like, you know, it is not actually some of it back what I said earlier.
Also, we did some videos.
I did some YouTube end-to-end tutorials,
and they did quite well.
And I still have people to this day come up to me,
ask me when I'm doing my next video,
say that they've really enjoyed them.
So there's clearly, there is an audience for it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Which reminds me, I should do another YouTube video.
I have the script ready.
I just, I'm really bad at actually recording.
- And I have a plural size subscription
that comes with one of the influencer packages.
So I tend to go there.
So it's not like a don't consume video.
It's just not YouTube.
So during the pandemic, I had a couple of sessions where I actually just streamed myself while working on Octoprint and explaining my thought process.
And that is something that I felt was helping those people a lot who didn't have much development experience at all and were just trying to understand.
So here's a problem.
How would someone who has done this before approach this problem,
reduce it into several parts and then approach every single part
and the thought cycles that are involved and so on?
For something like that, I think a video is great.
But if it's something like technology,
like how do I program a command line thingy in Go, for example,
that is not something where I would watch a YouTube video for,
but rather look up code snippets and then try it on my own.
So maybe that's also a thing because you said you want to be,
you basically want to move through the process with the developer.
So maybe that is that kind of approach more where you are trying to wrap your head around
how what is possible and how can I solve this specific problem
versus going into a deep dive into the API or something like that
and just figuring out things that way.
Yeah, yeah, I think so.
For me, I like to kind of learn.
I want to sort of a surface layer experience of it.
Then I'll want to go a little deeper,
then a little deeper instead of trying to like, anyway.
Let's talk experience.
Now, I know everyone on this call,
we're all pretty young,
but we probably have at least five years of experience
doing this stuff.
No, I know.
We've been doing it for a while.
Give a take.
Really quick, numbers of your programming, top to bottom, Ines, roughly?
Oh, depends.
How do you count?
Like really professionally and doing this job, it's like it's over 10 years.
I did, you know, start writing my first website 24 years ago.
But like that was, you know, that's like, I don't know.
I would never say like, oh, I started programming when I was 11.
And that's how much experience I have.
Yeah, no, professionally.
in this job and everything like really doing what i do like a bit over 10 years awesome
first line of code professionally be yeah professionally would be 25
fish years ago in general 35 fish yeah like that so yeah awesome
richard well yeah i mean when do you get paid right so i was being paid for code in my teens
so 40 years yeah amazing yeah 27 years for me i was gonna say 27 for me as well i think
jinx i feel for these people who are in the one to four year
like range this is a really i think it's a tough time for those folks
Yeah, but also there's a lot of people still joining the industry.
Like this, what, 25 to 30% constant ad going into the industry
means we're always going to skew young effectively.
Or like early in the programming journey.
Because I think actually speaking of trends,
like what we see, I think especially in AI or in like,
you know, the machine learning field,
like the most successful projects are those
where people upskill and subject matter experts
who are like maybe experts in finance,
in some other area, pick up the tools,
because, you know, it's never been easier
to learn programming and solve a problem.
And I think there we might have people
who are actually quite established in their career,
but only recently learned programming.
And I think that's an interesting trend.
And I think with everything
and the way it's going in the field,
I think we'll see a lot more of that.
Yeah, but is this survey biased
that we've got more younger folks
maybe replying than older folks on the list too?
But what I find interesting
is this big jump there
from like we are starting at less than a year
with 5.5%
and then suddenly we spike up
to one to four years with 27.3
and then the curve ups down again
until we are at 0.1.
The less than one year
is because they don't find stack overflow.
Exactly.
That is what I'm taking from that.
If you're in the one-to-four bracket, you are constantly on stack overflow.
And if you are earlier than that, then you haven't discovered this source.
Certainly my experience consulting into teams is the majority of the developers on a given team are under 10 years of experience.
And they have a senior that's over 10 years.
I would say as well.
And just to give you another perspective.
So the people listening, the biggest category is 1 to 4 years, 27%, and then 5 to 9 is another 25.
So over 50% in there.
But most importantly, it's the 1 to 4 years, I believe.
We need to keep that in mind.
Now, you could say Stack Overflow is skewing this because people are just hammering on Stack Overflow
and trying to figure out what to do when they're brand new.
But the PSF JetBrains survey, which didn't have anything to do with code help site like Stack Overflow, I think 40% were less than three years.
40% of the people doing Python have been doing it less, three years or less.
And so I think this is a more broad trend, which is something we've got to keep in mind when we're building libraries, building products, doing tutorials and so on,
is that a good chunk of your audience will be like,
everyone knows what a virtual environment is.
Everyone knows what async is.
Like, no, no, they don't.
- They take back part of that,
like feeling for those one to four year people
is that they also didn't get to experience Python 2.
So they only know the view of Python 3.
- Their will has not been crushed.
They have optimism in their life.
So they-
- Much less the migration, right?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Oh, writing Python 2 and 3 compatible code.
- Oh, no, no, stop, stop.
You're bringing back the nightmares and the headache.
- What were you saying about gray hair, Gina?
- Yeah, Python 2 to 3.
At least half of that is from that.
- Yeah, on the JavaScript side,
now it's relatively hard to find folks
that experience Angular 1.1
and the chaos that was moving to two, right?
that's now passed so yeah you know since new developers coming in they get to benefit from
the fact that they're getting into stabler tools with the you know robust solutions there's a lot
less experimentation depending on where you're going i mean there's nobody with 10 years experience
with an llm so you know everybody's a beginner there yeah they'll still be able to experience
some packaging grief somewhere along the way yeah yeah yeah absolutely i mean it doesn't matter how
how long you've been doing this deployment sucks.
- Yeah.
- People call everything an LLM now.
So, you know, in theory, I can go around
and claim I have 10 years experience in LLMs
'cause, you know, relatively large language models.
- Yeah, you probably all have heard the joke,
but I imagine many listeners haven't,
that Sebastian from FastAPI.
- Oh, yeah.
- Put out there, he said, "I just saw a job posting."
he created FastAPI, right? And this is two years into it existing. So I just saw a job posting
asking for four years of experience with FastAPI. He's like, I created it. I only have two years
experience with it. I don't know who this is for. Hey, we all have 10 years of experience with AI.
Amazing. All right. Well, hey, if you're a 10x developer, you get 10 years of experience per year.
I mean, come on. All right. Let's talk technologies. And I don't know how you all feel about this,
this sort of like, what is the most popular programming language? And again, focus on
professional, but I feel there's a lot of things that are not comparable. And this one probably
is the most you'll have like SQL versus C++. You're like, these, I don't know if those are the same.
Yeah, CSS versus C++, not the same thing.
Anyway, that rant out of the way.
They qualified their heading with putting in their markup languages.
Okay. But Python and Java and C++ are in there.
C++ is a hardcore markup language.
Anyway.
So what was the original question?
It's just for making scripts.
The original question here, let me just give people a quick bit of numbers.
JavaScript is number one, which they put up as JS, 64%.
SQL is number two of 54.
HTML, CSS, which again are not the same thing, but 52%.
And then Py, which I assume stands for Python, is 46.
Then TS for TypeScript.
But then longer words like PowerShell are written out.
I don't know why.
Some are abbreviated and some aren't.
Nonetheless, that's kind of what it is.
And the question is, which programming, scripting,
and markup language have you done extensive development
work over the past year?
So obviously, this panel is fairly skewed.
But just maybe give me your perspective
on where you see energy going to these days in different languages.
Like, for example, in Python, we've
seen a lot of people move to Rust, even though most people are still
doing Python and so on.
Yeah, and most is a relative concept.
Rust is still at the edge of the long tail, so to speak.
Yeah, Rust is super, super low, actually.
It's like 2% or something.
You know, it's a pretty specialized space to live.
Yeah, it's 11% for Stack Overflow,
but in the trends, I think it's...
Speaking of trends, one thing I would find interesting,
can you click on learning to code?
It would be interesting because they did separate it out.
It'd be interesting to see...
people are learning, what are they learning maybe?
I mean, they didn't ask specifically,
what are you learning?
But like extensive development
and then we have Python at the top.
- Yeah, quite a bit.
- And HTML, okay, I get that.
HTML, CSS, like everyone's putting together stuff
on the web, you know,
I don't know if everyone read the question correctly
and like really thought about extensive development.
Like maybe people thought, hi, everyone's hacking.
No, I'm sure most people who develop hack around
with CSS or with HTML a bit every year.
Unavoidably.
Yeah.
I'm not surprised.
If you gather all the web technologies together,
it's a web-y world.
If you're making a web app,
you have a lot of different languages and
map-up languages you're interacting with,
which you don't necessarily have in Python.
Python, you write Python.
Maybe if you're a library developer,
you do some C or Rust,
but that's it.
Whereas if you were a web developer,
you do HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript all together.
You might do some database as well.
You might do that.
There's just this huge pile of technologies that come with
a certain job and we just mostly have one.
Yeah, but most Python people are writing a little SQL too.
You got to get your data from somewhere.
Yeah.
But you can have someone else do that.
you can use an existing API.
Like I'm sure I would, I know,
like I don't really write SQL to go on this.
And I think I know, I would know a lot of,
also I like to call it SQL, but that's a different story.
But I know a lot of developers I'm sure
who don't write SQL.
- I don't write SQL.
- Might not even know it.
- What SQL?
I was just kidding.
- It's called SQL.
- I honestly, when I'm talking to databases,
I use ORMs and ODMs most of the time.
I know Richard, you're a big database guy.
- I've been everywhere for one time or another.
So it seems like a friendly language to me.
And apparently according to the professional developer side,
lots of people are touching it.
Right?
- Yeah, about a third, yeah.
- Each respondent checked multiple boxes
'cause we rarely actually live in one language.
You usually have to go spend time elsewhere.
- Do you read the learning to code
as like that's aspirational?
They wish they were doing Python.
Did they ask that question this year?
Because they used to ask that, right?
In the developer survey.
Like, what do you wish you were writing?
Yes, that's in the most loved and most hated and most wanted.
I don't know if that's in here.
Actually, let's go down to it.
I think they might have stopped as well.
Gosh, because I love that.
There's an admired and desired section in 2.2.
Okay.
let's see two point admired and desired yeah there it is okay this is pretty interesting yeah
what do the bars mean here folks okay hired versus desired right yeah so admire python but
i don't actually want to do it okay so admired it's red that's like i think this is like a borderline
uh content i mean no offense to stack overflow but that's like a borderline contestant for the
data is ugly subreddit because i find this quite hard to read but again i'm not friends to anyone
it was just people who made this and i don't want to be it went on green but i agree can someone
can someone decipher this for me because i actually i actually don't understand what i'm looking at
here let me describe it here so there's a if you go to the section yeah if you go to the section
there's two bars there's like kind of an error bar looking thing with two numbers
and it has a range on the blue one on the left is how desired is it and then there's a red one
that shows how admired it is and you can see this the delta the gap between how much it's wanted
versus how much people like admire it so lust is probably the biggest elixir makes the sense to me
right because elixir is really not easy to work in but it's beautiful when it works so it makes
perfect sense to me that almost nobody's doing it but everybody thinks it's cool yeah 77 think it's
cool five percent are doing it or actually want to do it yeah that seems that that resonates with
me i get that right like that that would make sense so here we have python number one both in
absolutely number one and desired not number one and admired which is
pretty interesting it's still quite high up there but there are things like rust which is more
admired and zig which is wild and even elixir as you point out there but yeah i think this
represents trends pretty well yeah when you talk about admire it's like who are the cool people
that are talking about this like how much did this number move for rust because russinovich was all
over. Yeah, yeah. And in Python, we've got a bunch of tools that have come along, especially from the
astral folks, but others where we've seen huge benefits, because people have written in Rust.
I don't know if that's how much of that is we've just put better algorithms into it and how much
of it's actually Rust. But it is Rust and Rust. And I think that puts a lot of shine on it. But
people are still rather just write Python, but it seems impressive or cool. And I think that kind
gets captured here yeah yeah i think definitely sometimes people ask us and if we were to
like rewrite spaCy say from scratch we might um you know probably maybe we still use siphon but
maybe we would have also used rust like it totally wasn't a thing back then but i think the alternatives
are just you know c plus or um you know or siphon which isn't very extensively documented so i can
see by Rust it's like it's nice and attractive.
Yeah, yeah quite interesting. All right I want to cover one more from this section and then we
need to make sure that we save a little bit of time from from the for the AI category because
that's certainly going to be a thing and that is cloud platforms. So one of the things I find
really interesting is how much the big three hyperscale clouds, AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud,
to dominate where people are working, right?
I don't know how often developers make a decision in this space.
Yeah, you certainly have talked to a lot of larger companies that have really big cloud
deployments. Give us your thoughts, Richard.
Any more than most developers choose what database you're using. Somebody else selected that product
and pays for the licenses for it, and you are going to consume.
Yeah.
I will say of the ones that are on this list,
I feel like AWS is the most developer-centric or friendly.
I would consider Azure being infrastructure ops-friendly
and AWS being like,
oh, they're going to throw out a lot more developer-y type things.
Okay.
I mean, we've had a lot of headaches.
I mean, I'm not an infrastructure person,
but I just know we did have some headaches with AWS
and Google Cloud.
is like what we ended up migrating to because it yeah i would go as much more developer friendly
but the corp doesn't necessarily like it when you get further afield with it
uh i think if avws has been brilliant at is how they manage their startup relationships you know
once you get to a certain size working with aws a tech shows up to help you like they've done a
really good job of cultivating support there plus they are the reference name yeah and also
cultivating developers that specialize in it because ultimately that's how it works.
You have DevOps people and if you do manage significant infrastructure on any of these
cloud platforms, you need a developer to do the maintenance on it. That's also something we've
realized when we had to downscale some of our operations a bit. The infrastructure is set up
so that it needs people to maintain it and so that it can do all of the things. If the company
encourages more people to specialize in its platform, then you also have more companies
hiring people to do it.
MARK BLYTH: These numbers say they don't add up to 100%. It's like, listen, as soon as you get to a
certain size of an organization, you have more than one cloud in your life. It's just not optional.
LESLIE KENDRICK: Question. Can we take a look at the split between professional developers and
learning to code, just out of curiosity?
MARK BLYTH: Yeah, I don't even know what I was doing over in that learning to code mix. That
expect. Now learning to code, please.
So just for people
listening, AWS, 52%.
Azure, 30%.
Google Cloud, 25%.
On the pro developer
side.
When you're learning to code.
Yeah, Google Cloud
is number one at 24%
learning code. But the split is
way more distributed across all these little areas,
which is interesting.
And when you talk about dev-friendly,
it's none of the big guys, right?
like Vercel and Firebase and Cloudflare.
And DigitalOcean even I would put up there.
Much more dev-centric.
I also am a bit confused about,
like, what do they define as cloud here?
Because I would certainly put Amazon Web Services
and Azure and stuff into a completely different bucket
than a vServer hosted at Hetzner or at OVH.
So that is a bit weird because, I mean,
I might be missing something,
but I think neither OVH nor Hetzner
or something like that do have an offering
similar to AWS and such.
that's a good point
like Hetzner
has basically
it has
it has cloud servers
it has cloud firewalls
and it has
a beta version
of S3 storage
and that's it
yeah
and you can also
you can
you can vertically scale
and such
they have an API
for scaling
like I have all my stuff
hosted there basically
but
it's definitely
not the same thing
as all of this
orchestration stuff
that you can do
with AWS Asia
and such
yeah
even or even cloud there. So I think that's a bit of a
mixed evidence that they asked developers this question.
No, actually.
Okay, what percentage of the developers are using serverless see
things on Amazon and not just putting up EC2 instances with
their stuff in it? Like that'd be an interesting?
That would be a super interesting. Yeah.
Who does web development because you know, we have
platforms there that I also use like Visele or Netify, which is
where we host our stuff, which if you're learning to build a website,
that's the easiest way to just press play and you have a website running,
but it might not be necessarily where you would even host a machine learning model.
Although it's kind of, I think they're all trying to break into that field as well,
but I think it's very use case specific.
Yeah.
There's a lot of ways to slice and dice this.
I think there's still developers coming up to terms with containers.
They're not even running containers in any environment.
Like me.
Certainly in the Microsoft world.
I mean, mentally coming to terms with.
No, no.
The Microsoft world containers,
because Windows containers are terrible,
until you're at a place working in.NET
where you're comfortable deploying onto a Linux instance,
which by the way, immediately saves you 20%,
25% on your cloud consumption,
then containers work and now you need to learn all of that as well.
Although your AKS is your packaged container services make that a lot easier.
So folks don't have to learn it,
they just deploy into a service.
Yeah, certainly in that space,
a lot of people first have to learn Linux and then they can learn Docker or even VMs.
It's a big lift for a lot of folks that are just like,
I have a GUI for my web server.
Is there a container section on this survey?
Did people talk about that?
Let's see.
Although, no.
It falls into Docker.
No.
It's another tool.
Yeah, okay.
I have all of my stuff running over at Hetzner as well.
I'm a massive fan of Hetzner.
It does make me sad.
This is a year ago, but still.
Still.
Yeah.
I don't even know what.
I just can't.
It's so spread out all over the place.
I believe there's like, I don't know.
There's things like pip and NPM, but also Kubernetes.
Not really sure they're the same.
Or a Visual Studio solution, which is the file format for an application.
That's a tool.
This is a grab bag of random words.
Yeah, it is.
We're just going to skip on.
All right, we have just a little bit of time for the finale here.
And I think I want to put the caveat out here as we talk about the AI section that, one, there's a lot of hype.
It's all over the place.
It can mean different things to different people.
Also, as we talked about at the beginning, this is a year old.
And a year in AI years is probably like 10 years.
And I do worry about virtue signaling here, too.
just like this is almost asking to recycle right yeah but i know i break my glass in the backyard
and just leave it there right yeah i did grab the 2023 numbers because they as well just to compare
these two because i didn't follow the instructions i'm badly behaved oh no that's good
and you know so the key number that at 60 and then 2023 it was 40 percent okay i mean
I mean, admittedly GitHub Copilot at that point
was already three years old.
Like we tend to think from ChatGPT forward,
but Copilot, GitHub Copilot came first,
the original Copilot.
- Yeah, for sure.
- And it's in there, it feels like.
- I really wanna focus on the sentiment
and sort of how you all are using this
as to kind of close this out.
However, or not using it, which is fine.
But I do wanna just,
there's a really interesting graph here.
If you look at the stack overflow language trends,
show how many questions appear on Stack Overflow for that technology.
Python has had this meteoric growth, almost hockey stick, not quite,
but almost until 2023, really, like late, late 2022, right around November.
Is this graph really just showing the demise of Stack Overflow?
Yes.
If you look at this graph, there's a massive drop of Python there,
But there's also a massive drop of JavaScript and some others as well, but certainly the most popular ones.
And that is basically when ChatGPT came out.
And that is a really interesting developer trend on its own right there.
But I do think to put this into perspective, also, are new questions on Stack Overflow a good thing?
I think that's another, yes, it looks like, oh.
But I mean, yeah, maybe the people who would have otherwise opened a question that was already answered like two years ago.
yeah, they found their answer on Stack Overflow,
on JPEG-PT and that's great.
Like, you know, we don't need the internet to be flooded
with like a lot of redundant information.
Like I know-
- Yeah.
- To stack overflows.
Yeah.
- You're hinting at the other aspect of it,
which is getting progressively harder
to add questions to Stack Overflow.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Question.
- I think you're right, Ines.
I think it's people are just going elsewhere
and that's kind of what I was thinking there.
Yeah, Tina.
- The question that graph just there,
Was that questions asked for that thing or search terms for that thing?
I believe.
Because it's a huge difference.
Over time, based on the, I think it's question asked, yeah.
Or maybe answers as well, but it's not search terms.
It's content, I believe, on there.
I just wanted to make sure.
Okay.
And just in case people are worried that maybe it's crashing or something,
You can look at the T, the T-O-B, T-O-B, I can't index.
God, I can't type.
And I know I spelled that, but you know what?
We're going to get that fixed.
There we go.
I don't know.
I just, I don't even, I mean, if you look at Python, it's still year over year up 6%,
which is not just faster.
It's like six, three to six times faster.
It is a blowout level of growth.
And so you're seeing all new dev.
That's people coming in using a chat tool to learn programming.
And it's really good at Python.
Like if you want to navigate, yeah, it's VS Code with the free copilot.
Teach me Python.
You're going to have a good experience.
Yeah.
All right.
With that out of the way, what's your whole sentiment personally for AI?
maybe how do you see people i love the 20 no and i don't plan to i bet you they all skew older
yeah that's probably true enos yeah you live in you live somewhat in that
you live in the ml space i mean you're kind of ai before ai it's like legitimately um yeah i guess
yeah i don't know what you mean let's say let's say allm yeah let's say
But like LLMs that generate text for a human to read.
Yeah, because the question is, what tools do you use as part of your development process,
not as part of your API or for your app to run it, but what do you use to write code,
basically? Let's go with that.
Yeah, so I don't use many models a lot to actually help me write code,
because I think the stuff I do is specialized and specific, or often it's very specific things
in like the libraries we're building for example but i do think to explain code to you or for
workflows like infrastructure and stuff that's where it's like really helpful also i know my
co-founder for example he's also he's done a bunch of quite complex infrastructure stuff like setting
things up with terraform and they're really having a model summarize and explain it to you um that
that is very helpful.
- Yeah, yeah.
I've done things like,
explain this Docker Compose file to me,
what does this line mean?
I don't understand this.
Does it mean if it fails, it'll restart
or if I should have done it restart?
What does this do?
And it really is quite good at that.
Interesting, yeah.
So not so much, you're not vibing.
Let's put you as the non-vibing.
- Yeah, yeah.
But I found out that actually,
because we've always,
I think I might've mentioned this before
another context that we've always put a lot of in the libraries,
we write a lot of work into all this backwards compatibility stuff,
making sure we don't break user's code.
This actually had a very positive side effect,
which is that these models are really good at writing,
for example, spaCy code.
It's never something we planned.
We were just like, "Oh, we just want to do all the boring stuff,
right, and make our users happy."
But yeah, this really paid off.
I've heard these models, Copilot, Chat3PT, are really good at writing code for our libraries.
And you were admitting that's a good documentation, right?
And we always put a lot of work into our documentation. I think that may have added to that
as well. Yeah, absolutely. Gina, what do you think? I know you're not an AI accelerist, let's say.
Let's say I consider myself an AI skeptical.
So the thing with me is when Copilot came out as a GitHub star, I had a very early access
to it and then I started using it and I allowed it to autocomplete a lot of my lines.
I found it an amazing help in translating my stuff because I write everything in Octoprint
in English first and then the whole UI needs to be translated to German on every release.
And doing that by hand is a lot of work.
And having the I make suggestions is really nice in that case.
And then I started to get shoved into my face from every place all around me.
And I read up on the energy consumption of that stuff and the water consumption of that stuff.
And that they were thinking about firing up additional power thingies again just for that stuff.
And that was when I decided, OK, I'm not going to use this anymore.
I'm refusing to use this.
and I have disabled Copilot and try to not touch anything AI if I can,
simply because I don't like how it is getting pushed into everyone's throat these days,
down everyone's throat these days. I actually do have a free account on ChatGPT.
I sometimes have the problem that I forget words in English or in German that I can still remember
how to describe. And then when I do not have anyone I can describe that to, I can describe it to ChatGPT
and then it tells me, oh, you did mean, I don't know, interface or something like that.
And then I'm like, yay, exactly.
And I'm happy.
But other than that, I don't touch that with a 10-foot pole anymore
because simply it's just too much.
I don't like hypes at all.
But what do you mean it's generative models?
Yeah, sorry, sorry.
No, you are completely right because I get this little shock every time
that I am also into game development.
And now every time that I read or watch a video about how to build some kind of AI for a game,
my initial reaction is always AI.
And then I realize, no, stop.
That's the good type.
That's the thing that makes the characters and NPCs walk around and such and pathfinding and whatever.
Right.
But yeah, I'm totally with you.
I just suffer from the same problem apparently.
Yeah.
You're a very principled person.
I definitely admire that about you.
It's tough.
I think I do hate having AI jammed into everywhere.
Like my email client can rewrite stuff with the AI.
And it almost never comes out the way I want.
And when I do all the formatting is lost.
I mean, hate.
- Is the worst.
- Yes, I know.
- And do you get comments like that where I'm like,
I know exactly like,
why do you wanna encourage people to write these shitty
comments on posts that add absolutely nothing
and then essentially spam?
And that you then need another chat thingy to parse again
in order to summarize them for that.
That's like completely like, yeah, why?
- I know it.
All right.
Well, you don't have a time level.
I gotta keep moving along here.
All right, Richard, where are you on this?
- Well, look, you know, I'm talking to a lot of PMs
and things who are saying my team is 25, 30% more productive
using these tools.
and they could see just more check-ins of more code
with fewer remediations.
What we saw in the first six months of the team using it
is more reverts 'cause they were over committing
with the code they didn't fully understand.
But over time they got better at it.
And when they did check,
when they actually got to the PR and merge, the code stuck.
So there was a lot of fewer problems net
to the point now where it's like,
I kinda can't hire anybody if they're not using these tools
'cause it's like they're not using an editor.
Like the productivity level is substantial
if they're in the workflow.
And I noticed going further down the list of data here,
like yeah, that AI, the AI and the development workflow,
they're using it for writing code, right?
That's what it's doing.
It's code completion and it's, you know,
describe the problem and it gives you a first gen
and you can iterate a couple of times on it.
But this is also a year ago,
like the ability to write PR explanations and things
was only just emerging when this survey was being done.
Today, I notice everybody's PR explanations are wildly better.
Because they didn't write the tool did.
Yeah, I've seen that.
Maybe as a bit of a positive outlook,
I do think we're already seeing that it's possible to use
local models and use much smaller models that you can actually run on your laptop
and with the device constraints that you have.
It is a subset of things.
I think I was just reading something today about
also Visual Studio Code supporting
more local models and adding more features for that.
I feel like we're starting to right-size now.
The initial iterations of these products,
we're throwing as much meat at them as possible,
as they weren't sure they were going to work.
Now it's like, "Hey, too much is also a problem,"
because it goes off on weird wandering
and we've been able to do models.
- Companies can have their own internal fine-tuned models
as well, like something really small.
Okay, that model just writes PR descriptions
for our team that works in this field with Python.
And then it's small, everyone runs it locally,
it's data private, you don't need to send your shit
to GitHub, to Microsoft, to OpenAI.
It's like it all stays internal and you have control over it.
And I do think that would be a good compromise and solve a lot of the problems.
But of course, it's something that there are a lot of companies out there, especially very large companies that do not like this kind of vision.
And that's also why I'm so passionate about not calling everything AI, because ultimately, you know, it really just benefits big tech who, you know, likes having us call chat,
that's for chatbots and open source software into the same bucket and regulate it exactly the same
way because yeah this is the problem with the hype cycle as you go you know following gartner's
pattern into the trough of disillusionment uh you do end up with dumb regulations to respond to
social concerns rather than thoughtful yeah here are the different problems and how we can scope
them more and lobbied by companies like you know open ai for example yeah yeah uh yeah
incumbents want to lock in their advantage where's our regulatory capture please we need to work that
in to the various places yeah all right calvin well for folks who know me they probably know that
i'm an eternal optimist and i'm definitely very excited about the ai developer tools i'm actually
giving a talk on it like next week at indypi um about this because there's so many good options
there now that said i feel like these tools definitely benefit the senior coders more than
they do the junior coders like i feel like this whole the every time i hear the word vibe coding
i shudder kind of like gina does around anything that says ai so i think there's a great
potential for a lot of tech debt to be produced very very quickly with those kinds of tools and
i feel like under poor guidance or poor mentorship uh there's a lot of damage that could be done
The upside is so good, kind of like Richard.
Like, we're probably only going to hire somebody who is basically augmenting their personal skills with a set of tools behind them that make them perform at a higher level just in general.
There's so much upside to it.
And I do love the local tools.
Like, I run Mistral Small and Llama 3.3, all that stuff locally.
And so nothing's going off my laptop to interoperate with a lot of my tooling.
There's so many good open source options, too.
I know a lot of people are excited about like Claude Code and Copilot, but the Ader chats,
the Goose clients, those things are really incredible and they're open source. They all
run local. I want to jump on the terminology bandwagon. They're agentic, another terrible
abused word that everyone thinks they're using, but the tools like Goose and Ader will run commands
locally on your machine as a proxy to figure out things. And I love that capability that is now
doing that introspection, exploration, understanding. It's really a great usage of the
reasoning models. And being able to use multiple models simultaneously against a code base is
really, really powerful. And I don't think a lot of developers see that. I think a lot of people
just jump into like a chat tpt or quad and try and just brute force their way to a solution and i
don't think that's the right approach i would love to see more folks take a a measured approach at
this and really make it the small incremental improvements and you get a lot of a lot of win
there is that the topic of your talk are you going to talk about that a bit so i'm going to take five
of the current uh developer tools uh like that and compare them i'm going to basically take a
Oh, that's cool. You need to send me the slides. I really want to check it out because I recently just had a conversation with a journalist who wanted to know about these things and brought down some of the thoughts.
And it actually really mirrored what you all have been saying. So, yeah, I want to look deeper into this.
Yeah, because some of them have superpowers that are different than the others. And I don't think folks understand that either.
Like, for example, the Goose.
No.
Goose?
Goose is very Git aware.
No, I'm sorry.
Take that back.
AiderChat.
Even in my brain, they don't say straight.
AiderChat is very Git aware, and it uses it as its undo function.
And, like, it's very deeply, like, the prompting that they put into it understands Git really, really well,
which means it can quickly discern, like, what's going on in a code base,
because it basically does a mapping of your repository structure
and then uses that to know when to pull stuff in.
And again, I'm super positive and pro on this stuff.
And the fact that AIDR can use local models,
mix them with anything else you want to pull in there.
It's really flexible.
You're not tied to like some, you know,
AWS or Google or OpenAI or Anthropic.
I'm also interested in this.
Are you going to be recording that talk or streaming?
Oh yeah, yeah.
It'll be recorded and it'll be streamed.
We'll have it online.
So I can go back to YouTube and watch it there.
Like I do not have to.
Or you all can join us.
Ask great questions.
Awesome.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
No, it does sound super awesome.
A little plug for, I'm a co-organizer, co-founder of IndiePy, the local Python group here too.
In Indianapolis?
Yeah.
In Indiana, yep.
I would say, well, for me, I've definitely gone on a journey through all of this stuff.
When I first saw it, I still to this day feel like LM's probably border on copyright theft.
so I'm a little displeased with them.
Well, maybe a lot displeased, but at the same time,
that horse is out of the barn, it's not coming home,
it's gone, right?
And so then you gotta say, well, now what are we gonna do?
Am I going to just pretend this doesn't exist
because I'm a little bit put off by that?
When everyone else is using it to create libraries,
tools, applications, content, et cetera,
that's not that reasonable either, right?
You kind of, to Richard's comment about the productivity, right?
You got to be practical.
And I also found them to be fairly,
mind-blowingly cool, but somewhat inaccurate.
But that's kind of like a 2023, 2024 version.
Now, if you get to the higher level models,
they are so good.
They are so powerful and so effective
that it's if you stop messing with them a year ago because you don't want to because he's like
they're not really that accurate I would encourage people to look at it again and maybe look at Calvin's
talk and then Gina for your concerns I also share those although I definitely have a ChatGPT
subscription these days check out stuff like LM studio and other ways of running it local right
like you can avoid a lot of the melting the power grid i mean then i'm paying for the energy cost
that's also a problem yeah but it's it's but it's not that it's it's not you can run you can run
lower models that take yeah yeah yeah i mean i mean mostly energy costs is training silicon is
so efficient i mean efficient relatively to everything else out there is so efficient yeah
and we haven't gotten to optimized yet right like no yeah you're right you're still in its infancy
Yeah, in five years, it's going to be, the local models especially, I think, are going
to be really much more capable.
We saw DeepSeq already.
And this is driving innovation around abundance.
I think we're going to have new solutions to these energy problems, new solutions to the
cooling problems.
We can't continue, obviously, down this route.
I do share genius concern, but again, I think I come at it with a very optimistic, maybe
overly optimistic view.
Maybe I wish I was a little more realistic about it.
I think Gina is right.
There is a problem that has to be addressed.
Yeah, but also we are coming out of this hype.
I don't know what the Gartner cycle is calling it again,
but I call it the post-hype hangover.
We're in that phase.
And I think then there's going to be a more reasonable mindset.
I've always been advocating for smaller models,
more task-specific models, using these large generative models to create systems rather than as systems.
Like using them as systems, that's kind of 2023.
Like what we're doing now is using them to help us write code,
but also using them to create data for smaller models, which is probably possible.
And that's not old NLP. That's just, yeah, next level.
Maybe to not only say something negative about that, also maybe something positive on my side about that stuff.
So I find it very interesting.
And I think there are some great tools or going to be some great tools.
They're utilizing this technology.
But only if the person using it is actually able to determine whether that stuff it is outputting is actually good.
Yeah.
Only if it is, it doesn't necessarily have to run locally, at least not for me, because I am developing open source anyhow.
So everything I do is going to be out in the open anyhow.
But yeah, some privacy aspects are also something that are to be considered.
So local would be nice.
Lower energy costs.
And please allow me to disable this stuff when I don't want to use it.
because I don't want to have every single tool start waving at me all the time going,
hey, by the way, you can also now use my chatbot interface when I'm like, no,
I'm just happy if you list my files here, dear file listener.
If I list that, something like that.
The other day I was looking for a new terminal and found stuff that was also
trying to tell me that it has AI in it, whatever they meant with that.
but I don't need a chatbot interface when I'm trying to write bash.
So thank you very much.
So give me an off switch, allow me to run this stuff locally
and yeah, don't shove it down my throat
and also don't try to plaster it all over the place
as the solution for every single problem,
especially for people who don't fully understand the problem space yet
because then we also get like in the open source situation,
we also get a lot of issues now generated with AI,
security tickets generated by AI,
like suggestions from people to help other people
generated by AI that are completely wrong
and are causing more problems than anything.
So if all of this stuff stops,
then yes, then I will take another look.
But until then, I'm just fed up to here with that
and I can't stand it anymore.
No, I agree.
I mean, and I work very closely in the space
and I absolutely agree with your points.
Yeah.
All right, everyone.
I think we're just getting started.
We could go for a very long time, but we also are out of time.
So Ines, Gina, Richard, Calvin, thank you all for being here.
It's been a lot of fun.
Likewise.
Thank you.
Thanks, Michael.
Bye, all.